the situation is very difficult for
everyone here in jabalia refugee camp
and in the Northern areas of the Gaza
Strip the Israeli military ground
operation is being expanded by the
occupation forcing the citizens and
displaced people to leave their areas in
alala and Bahia areas the people who
have left the Eastern parts of jabalia
Camp to alala and Bahia are now being
forced to leave again after 2 weeks of
this military ground operation they're
leaving without having a specific place
to go they have no shelter to resort to
and Israeli forces have destroyed as
many of these people's houses and
shelters as they could the conditions
are very harsh together with heavy
gunfire and non-stop artillery shelling
from the Israeli
forces we don't know where to go we have
lost everything there is absolutely
nothing left for us we have committed no
sins this lady is 80 years old she's
disabled this is the fifth time for us
to take her from one place to another I
helped her and walked with her while she
was in the wheelchair for 4 kilm to find
a shelter but we never found a safe
place for her to stay in there was Heavy
gunfire heard as the Palestinians were
leaving jabalia
camp make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz